What happened to the Handong case back then?
Isn't the tax and silver moisture case so simple?
Why is it getting more complicated?
Brother Qin, Brother Car
You're finally here.
Please sit please sit
Brother Qin
You ordered so much delicious food to entertain me today
It seems that the purpose is not pure, oops
Good eyesight, brother
Today, the younger brother is begging the pharmacist
Brother Qin is too much to ask for
You and I are brothers
I have something to say, but it's okay to say it.
I'm not going to beat around the bush here.
Brother Zhou is no ordinary person
How do you see it?
It can be seen from Brother Zhou's speech and actions
And when you left the brothel that day
Carriage
I checked the carriage afterwards
The price alone is a few thousand taels.
Could it be that Brother Zhou still has something to hide from his younger brother?
Qi Xiu
In fact, our family is ordinary
It's nothing.
Just my mother and the prime minister
A distant cousin
The rookie should understand now.
I understand hey hey
If so
The younger brother wants to ask Brother Zhou about a case.
What case?
Police Second Year Handong Act
Why do you ask this?